This run is on Indeed, at ca.indeed.com, and you are signed out. Keep it
that way: close any sign-in prompt, and never sign in or create an account.
It covers four keyword sets in two location passes: every set through the
Toronto pass first, then every set again through the remote pass.

KEYWORD SETS — run each set's searches one at a time, in the order given.
That order is deliberate: narrowest term first. Do not reorder them and do
not skip ahead to one that looks more promising. Each pass runs the sets in
order: set 1, set 3, set 2, set 4. Every keyword is searched in its double
quotes.

  SET 1 — Graphics / XR
    "WebXR"
    "Three.js"
    "WebGL"
    "3D visualization"
  SET 3 — Senior frontend with depth
    "WebGPU"
    "D3.js"
    "real-time collaboration"
    "data visualization"
  SET 2 — Video infrastructure
    "WebRTC"
    "FFmpeg"
    "video player"
    "video streaming"
  SET 4 — Apple platforms
    "visionOS"
    "tvOS"
    "ARKit"
    "AVFoundation"

SEARCH ADDRESSES — open each search at its address rather than through the
search form, which drops filters from one search to the next. An address is
https://ca.indeed.com/jobs? followed by these parameters, joined with &, with
<keyword> the keyword in its double quotes, URL-encoded:

  TORONTO PASS  q=<keyword>  l=Toronto%2C+ON  radius=50  fromage=14
  REMOTE PASS   q=<keyword>  l=Canada  fromage=14  sc=0kf%3Aattr%28DSQF7%29%3B

CHECK EACH SEARCH — before reading a search's results, confirm three things:
the What box holds exactly the keyword, in quotes; the Where box reads
Toronto, ON on the Toronto pass and Canada on the remote pass; and the
address still carries every parameter you opened it with, apart from a vjk
that Indeed adds on its own. Indeed shows a filter menu only when the
results call for one, so a missing menu means nothing, but any menu it shows
must agree with the address: Distance Within 50 kilometers on the Toronto
pass, Remote set to Remote on the remote pass, and Date posted Last 14 days
on both. If anything differs, open the address again, and record nothing
from the page that differed.

SOURCE CODES — every row names the set and pass that captured it: in1t to
in4t for sets 1 to 4 on the Toronto pass, in1r to in4r on the remote pass.

WHAT TO CAPTURE — work page 1 card by card, every result card on it. Indeed
pads a page with suggestions under a heading such as "Similar to jobs you
explored": those did not match the keyword, so stop at that heading. A page
that says the search did not match any jobs shows only suggestions: record
nothing for that keyword. Capture a card whose title plainly names the
keyword's subject. A title that names only a role, such as frontend or
full-stack engineer, does not: treat it as ambiguous. Open a card whose title
is ambiguous but plausibly on-topic, and capture or drop it on what the
posting says. A Sponsored label changes nothing. Record nothing for a
keyword when no card on page 1 relates to it.

LINKS — read each card's job key from the page code (its data-jk attribute).
Each row's URL is https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk= followed by that key, with
nothing else in the address. Open a posting at that address, never through
the card's own link.

HOW MUCH TO OPEN — never open a card whose title is plainly unrelated, in
either pass. The Toronto pass works from the result cards, opening a posting
only when the card's location wording or its title is ambiguous. The remote
pass opens every posting it captures, and takes the location wording from
the posting rather than the card.

POSTED DATE — Indeed shows none, so write "last 14 days" in every row.

STOP AND REPORT — stop, print the final table and the coverage list, and end
the run when either of these happens:
  - You finish every set in both passes.
  - You lose track of which pass, set, keyword or page you are on.
Do not push through the second. A partial run is still useful.

DEDUPE within this run only. The same posting will surface under several
keywords, and in both passes — one row per posting, identified by its job
key, listing every source that captured it, space separated. Do not worry
about duplicates against my other searches; those are handled at the triage
step.

STATUS TOKEN — begin the location column of every row with one of these,
followed by an em dash and then the posting's own wording:

  OK          Ontario, or remote with Canadian eligibility stated.
  RELOCATE    Stated location is outside Ontario, or outside Canada.
  UNCLEAR     Remote, with no country stated.

Do not skip US-only postings or postings requiring US work authorization.
Capture them as RELOCATE — I am willing to relocate for the right opportunity.
On the Toronto pass RELOCATE will be rare, since the search is already
location-filtered — it turns up when a card names a non-Ontario location
anyway. Token it and move on. It changes nothing about what you open. On the
remote pass, capturing them costs nothing. You have already spent the open by
the time you learn a posting is US-only, so recording it is free where
discarding it wastes the open.

This token is a mechanical read of what the posting states. Do not judge
whether a role is worth relocating for — that happens later, with my resume
in hand. This run does no matching.

OUTPUT — plain text, no markdown, no ranking. Two things, in this order, and
nothing else.

First, a pipe-delimited table with a dashed rule under the header row:

source | company | title | status token + location wording | posted date |
salary if named | URL

Second, a short coverage list, by set and pass, each entry opening with its
source code and the set's four keywords: which keywords returned nothing, which
keywords you did not reach, why the run stopped, and any card with an ambiguous
title you decided not to open, with its company, title and URL. That coverage
list is the only prose I want — no preamble before the table, no summary after
it, no ranking.

WRITE THE FILE — when I ask for the file, name it exactly:

  04-indeed.txt
